users/v-jandrew/fresh-webplatform (#2329)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/user-agent-guidance.md

Microsoft Edge supports User-Agent Client Hints starting with version 90.

> User-Agent Client Hints is a method that addressed privacy concerns while allowing browser information such as browser name, version number, platform, and more. Soon the User-Agent string will be frozen and deprecated by various browsers. For example, the Chrome Platform Status site describes the change in [Feature: Reduce User Agent string information](https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5704553745874944).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-Agent Client Hints is a method that addresses privacy concerns while allowing web pages to detect browser information such as browser name, version number, platform, and more. Soon the User-Agent string will be frozen and deprecated by various browsers. For example, the Chrome Platform Status site describes the change in [Feature: Reduce User Agent string information](https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5704553745874944).

```

> User-Agent Client Hints is a method that will improve privacy concerns while allowing browser information such as browser name, version number, platform, and more. Soon the User-Agent string will be frozen and deprecated by various browsers. For example, the Chrome Platform Status site describes the change in [Feature: Reduce User Agent string information](https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5704553745874944).

Author: fixed

> [!NOTE]
> User-Agent Client Hints are only sent over secure connections using `HTTPS`.

### User-Agent Client Hints JavaScript API 

> You can access User-Agent Client Hints using JavaScript on the client side. When you call the default `navigator.userAgentData`, it returns the following response.  

Author: fixed
